what's up you guys and we're going to do
another lucha revs episode while not
Luke cherubs we're going to do another
road to VLS episode gonna do some loot
cherubs wow I fucked that up okay well
we'll see you there hopefully not with
me dying but getting a drop be right
back well we just destroyed to fail p
cares they were fell guys I think from
now when I do these reve reve episodes I
can't talk I'm gonna just invite people
that are my clan my friends chat to come
and moonshine with me to make a little
bit more fun and i'll look while I'm
recording at a dragon dagger that is
fucking hilarious Thank You jagex oh
whoops didn't mean to hook Wow holy crap
not like two seconds later I get a
corrupt vestas fear right before my loot
share partner gets here too well that
sucks to be him Oh point I keep
forgetting they moved the price check
price checker how much is this one mill
nice nice nice nice alrighty beast Oh
master died that's okay though he wasn't
skull but um yeah I'm a pro teleporter
and um cleanse ain't got shit on me she
loves the end of the first trip we got
about 6k coins we actually tell you like
I just showed you and we did get a key
click on the wrong time there we go we
got a bet I don't know why these are in
here we got a dragon dagger and invest
the spear so I have to move my dragon
dagger into that tab but I'm yep alright
so we'll see what the next trip
hopefully we get something Wow a third
drop nice where's this 510 K I think
these are famine okay it was my LSP
though now watch someone keep doing that
now watch someone gets a BLS and be said
500 k nice Wow back to back drop this is
turning out to be a pretty a pretty
lucky episode she this guy runs up here
and decides to skull on us he's not the
smartest person is he and come on let's
get him I want I want this luggage come
on will he lose his torso I wonder come
on guy I don't know what he was thinking
is certainly a pro tank though he's
going to tell apart any second now you
watch
oh nice my Luke come on oh ok you guys
we got a pretty good amount of loot from
him but um yeah we don't need to split
it though it's not too much what really
like room dagger I guess that's better
than the dragon dagger I mean worse
it'll be worse than the dragon dagger
this guy's back again he wasn't learned
he does not learn ok we're gonna show
him oh jeez wrong person wrong person oh
my god I'm sorry I'm so sorry I am so so
sorry I'm sorry guys I did not mean to
get you this person trying to fucking
tank test us what a jerk all right
you're making us look bad guy just died
I mean I have your other in platelegs if
you really want him back you could have
just asked ok had to type can't talk the
type of the same time way too
complicated come on guy died I want this
loot even though it won't be mine come
on oh he's dead there we go we got to
kill to fuck you spirit kayak not my
loop oh look a little bit better the
last time this guy just keeps coming
back for more and I just killed somebody
with a whip special on accident that was
pretty funny and I just killed baby cats
who his baby dogs his friend that was
funny all right this is why you don't
fuck with gold fuck in London cuz we
shit on you get this person everybody
everybody on this dude all on this guy
alrighty we're gonna get this guy all
right here we go big spec all right
fucking about to tally
I even get this back I'm 40 spec that's
fucking lame well telly town telly telly
telly I'm TV and aren't I I know I was
do you mean I'm dumb watch this pro
scape right here up gotta eat that it
got a drink that put this song eat eat
brew bank Oh bank right here top tennis
games baby rockdale brew I mean shark
Sigma Bobby no sharks left no wonder I'm
doing so bad here we go at fucking thank
this last I want to bang oh I want to
pack my dragon boots that's what I want
to bang what stank dose Thank that the
fuck do these guys just leave me alone
now really after all that I begged half
my shit and they're gonna leave me alone
are you kidding me dragons come back
here killer you guys this is not cool
I'm banking all this shit you guys
aren't killing me ok I'm good you guys
can have the rest what did I lose my
back no not even my barrows gloves I
think I kept my barrows gloves yep I'm
fucking champion well we just came here
and already we're fighting somebody so
I'm boo come on let's kill him oh he
wants to play like that ok I see ok here
we go big hits and I don't want day Oh
Pro eating at that time Jesus Christ
somebody cloths back this guy come on ok
who's a little there we go that's what
I'm talking about combo oh I hate when
the mall fails we'll be right back we
get a kill well he tallied that was fun
well that's a troll drop bronze dragon
claw I have on my bank but it was from
before I started the series so I'm
taking that might as well put in my bank
dad but yep there we go 5k loot right
there well we had a dragon scimitar she
would tie whatever the fuck its called
we got one we're getting a lot of drops
this episode is pretty fun doing it in a
group of people where you know we can
kill people without having to worry
about clans and we came out what we
start to worry about client
but we can get a lot more kills per hour
this is actually probably an easier and
faster way for me to make episodes while
having more interaction with you guys I
we have like four or five people here
now we had like maybe like seven eight
earlier but like I said if you guys ever
want to do this with me when I'm on and
that res then I don't mention my own
friendship so yeah there's that okay
let's get more jobs come on and anything
and I want to end this little little
thing at a high no come on that coin
snack coins coins alright fuck it we'll
be back with the drop hopefully okay
this guy's so fucking stupid he just
keeps coming back so we can kill him and
he's complaining that we won't let him
get any Rev skills it's like just
fucking half world's you dumb shit we're
killing everything in this world it'll
make sense for you to hop and now you're
just coming back to get killed you're a
fucking idiot nice that D skirt man we
are we're getting a good amount of stuff
here good amount of stuff come on Vesta
or something well this guy's back again
just taking on two kills as usual we're
just trying to run laps and kill
everything but he keeps count come here
I don't know he just doesn't have
doesn't learn does not learn ok you guys
that's gonna be it for this episode we
did get a lot of good drops in here so
let's price check this total definitely
went up a little bit since last episode
let's just see all this is hot stuff I
don't remember if we got anything else
this episode but I don't we saw a lot of
drops but the three things we got where
are the two things we got was this in
this and a dragon dagger we'll just
pretend i have this price checked in
here but um yep let's see we are up to
oh nice 20 almost 22 mm probably more if
I sold everything and the claws are
dropping it looks like they were like
16.5 the other day but ok guys that's it
for this episode I hope you enjoyed if
you did please leave a like let's get a
lot of likes because I actually did a
lot of ribs like you guys keep on
bothering me to do so and also because
I'm going to be doing a lot of subscribe
to stuff here because there's a lot of
fun anyway guys I love you and I'll talk
to you later peace